
/*************************************************************************
**                                                                      **
** Copyright(c) 2014-2017                          Confidential Material
**                                                                      **
** This file is the property of Vormetric Inc.                          **
** The contents are proprietary and confidential.                       **
** Unauthorized use, duplication, or dissemination of this document,    ** in whole or in part, is forbidden without the express consent of     ** Vormetric, Inc..                                                     **
**                                                                      **
**************************************************************************/

Overview:

Run VPkcs11_Sample.exe without any command line parameters and it will display its usage:

Usage: -p pin -t [0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | a | b | c] [-k|-kp keyname] [-o encryption mode] [-f input File]
[-c char set]|[-r charset file with range input]|[-l charset file with literal input] [-u utf mode] [-h headermode] [-w tweak] [-W wrappingkeyname] [-n 0|1] [-m true|false])
        Choices for the -t option:
         	0. Run all samples.
         	1. Create key sample.                                                               		2. Create key object sample.
         	3. Find and delete the key sample.
         	4. Encrypt and decrypt sample.
         	5. Encrypt and decrypt with different mode (FPE) sample.
         	6. Create a key pair and sign the message sample.
         	7. Find and export a key from DSM sample.
         	8. Encrypt and decrypt a file sample.
         	9. Encrypt and decrypt a file and log meta data sample.
         	a. Test key attributes sample.                            
		b. Compute message digest for the default test string.
         	c. Compute message digest for a given input file.

        Choices for the -o option:
         ECB ... ECB mode
         CBC ... CBC mode
         CBC_PAD ... CBC_PAD mode
         sha256  ... SHA256 mode
         sha384  ... SHA384 mode
         sha512  ... SHA512 mode
         sha256-HMAC  ... SHA256-HMAC mode
         sha384-HMAC  ... SHA384-HMAC mode
         sha512-HMAC  ... SHA512-HMAC mode

        Choices for the -g option:
         0 ... generate a versioned key
         1 ... rotate a versioned key
         2 ... migrate a non-versioned key to a versioned key
         3 ... generate a non-versioned key

        Choices for the -m (metadata) option:
         false ... don't add metadata
         true  ... add metadata

        Choices for the -n option:
         0 ... no-delete is not active, hence delete the key as usual
         1 ... no-delete enabled, thus deletion of the key is blocked.

        Choices for the -h option:
         v1.5 ... use version 1.5 header
         v1.5base64 ... use version 1.5 header, then encode everything in the BASE64 code
         v2.1 ... use version 2.1 header
         v2.7 ... use version 2.7 header

Note: Please make sure to install the Vormetric Key Agent,
         or set the environment variable VPKCS11LIBPATH to the Vormetric PKCS11 library.
         e.g. for 64 bit, VPKCS11LIBPATH="c:\Program Files\Vormetric\DataSecurityExpert\Agent\pkcs1in\vorpkcs11.dll".

The program VPkcs11_Sample.exe consists of a main program whose source code can be found in Program.cs and ten other source code files, each of which contains a sample class for a particular functionality, e.g. encryption or signing. Two other source files, Settings.cs and Sample_Helpers.cs, contain global settings and helper functions, respectively.

To use the program, the Vormetric key agent must have been properly installed and registered with a Data Security Manager (DSM). 
Optionally set the environment variable VPKCS11LIBPATH to point to the library file, e.g. in Windows configure a system parameter
VPKCS11LIBPATH=/home/userA/work/pkcs11/libvorpkcs11.so

Compilation:
Open the solution file VPkcs11_Sample.sln with Visual Studio 2010, 2012, or 2013

PKCS11Interop library: 
Pkcs11Interop.dll is the C# wrapper for the library, built for any CPU.
Pkcs11Interop_x86.dll and Pkcs11Interop_x86.dll are the binaries for x86 and x64, respectively. 
